setState(...): takes an object of state variables to update or a function which returns an object of state variables.
Objects are not valid as a React child (found: 
). If you meant to render a collection of children, use an array instead.
act(...) is not supported in production builds of React.
React.Children.only expected to receive a single React element child.
React.cloneElement(...): The argument must be a React element, but you passed 
forceFrameRate takes a positive int between 0 and 125, forcing frame rates higher than 125 fps is not supported
Minified React error #
children dangerouslySetInnerHTML defaultValue defaultChecked innerHTML suppressContentEditableWarning suppressHydrationWarning style
allowFullScreen async autoFocus autoPlay controls default defer disabled disablePictureInPicture disableRemotePlayback formNoValidate hidden loop noModule noValidate open playsInline readOnly required reversed scoped seamless itemScope
mousedown mouseup touchcancel touchend touchstart auxclick dblclick pointercancel pointerdown pointerup dragend dragstart drop compositionend compositionstart keydown keypress keyup input textInput copy cut paste click change contextmenu reset submit
abort auxClick cancel canPlay canPlayThrough click close contextMenu copy cut drag dragEnd dragEnter dragExit dragLeave dragOver dragStart drop durationChange emptied encrypted ended error gotPointerCapture input invalid keyDown keyPress keyUp load loadedData loadedMetadata loadStart lostPointerCapture mouseDown mouseMove mouseOut mouseOver mouseUp paste pause play playing pointerCancel pointerDown pointerMove pointerOut pointerOver pointerUp progress rateChange reset resize seeked seeking stalled submit suspend timeUpdate touchCancel touchEnd touchStart volumeChange scroll toggle touchMove waiting wheel

Error generating stack: 
M12 2C6.5 2 2 6.5 2 12s4.5 10 10 10c.926 0 1.648-.746 1.648-1.688 0-.437-.18-.835-.437-1.125-.29-.289-.438-.652-.438-1.125a1.64 1.64 0 0 1 1.668-1.668h1.996c3.051 0 5.555-2.503 5.555-5.554C21.965 6.012 17.461 2 12 2z
M4.5 16.5c-1.5 1.26-2 5-2 5s3.74-.5 5-2c.71-.84.7-2.13-.09-2.91a2.18 2.18 0 0 0-2.91-.09z
M9 12H4s.55-3.03 2-4c1.62-1.08 5 0 5 0
M12 15v5s3.03-.55 4-2c1.08-1.62 0-5 0-5
M22 4s-.7 2.1-2 3.4c1.6 10-9.4 17.3-18 11.6 2.2.1 4.4-.6 6-2C3 15.5.5 9.6 3 5c2.2 2.6 5.6 4.1 9 4-.9-4.2 4-6.6 7-3.8 1.1 0 3-1.2 3-1.2z
Future-Ready Technology Solutions
COMPANY'S TECHXSERVE ENTERPRISE LLC IS AFFILIATED WITH
Born from a simple belief that technology should empower, not complicate. We set out to bridge the gap between complex solutions and human needs.
Our breakthrough project revolutionized how businesses approach digital transformation, setting new industry standards.
Expanding across continents, we brought our innovative solutions to diverse markets, adapting to unique cultural and business landscapes.
Industry recognition followed as we consistently delivered exceptional results, earning trust from Fortune 500 companies.
A decade of innovation, creativity, and unwavering commitment to transforming ideas into digital masterpieces.
Every project tells a story of success
Tailored applications built with cutting-edge technologies to meet your unique business requirements.
Native and cross-platform mobile solutions that engage users across iOS and Android platforms.
Responsive, scalable web applications that deliver exceptional user experiences across all devices.
Robust cloud infrastructure and migration services that scale with your business growth.
Strategic technology consulting to modernize your operations and drive innovation.
Technology innovation abstract
We deliver comprehensive technology solutions that drive growth and innovation across industries.
Ready to transform your business with our expertise?
Successfully delivered across industries
Consistently exceeding expectations
Proven track record of excellence
Expert professionals dedicated to your success
url("data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg width='80' height='80' viewBox='0 0 80 80' xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%3E%3Cg fill='none' fill-rule='evenodd'%3E%3Cg fill='%23820507' fill-opacity='0.8'%3E%3Ccircle cx='40' cy='40' r='3'/%3E%3Ccircle cx='0' cy='40' r='2'/%3E%3Ccircle cx='80' cy='40' r='2'/%3E%3Ccircle cx='40' cy='0' r='2'/%3E%3Ccircle cx='40' cy='80' r='2'/%3E%3C/g%3E%3C/g%3E%3C/svg%3E")
Our commitment to quality and innovation is reflected in every metric that matters.
Professional workspace design
Why Our Numbers Matter
Behind every statistic is a story of partnership, innovation, and success. These numbers represent not just our achievements, but the
Trusted by Industry Leaders
We're proud to partner with forward-thinking companies that share our vision for innovation and excellence.
Business success meeting
"Working with this team has been transformative for our business. Their expertise, dedication, and innovative approach have helped us achieve results we never thought possible."
Support & Maintenance
Let's transform your vision into reality. Start your journey toward digital excellence today.
Schedule a Consultation
Or reach out directly for immediate assistance
Ready to Transform Your Business?
Let's discuss how we can help you achieve your digital transformation goals and drive innovation in your organization.
Transforming businesses through innovative technology solutions. We deliver excellence in every project, driving growth and success for our clients.
30 N Gould St Ste N, Sheridan, WY 82801
Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest updates and insights.
Follow us on social media
© 2025 TechxServe Enterprise LLC. All rights reserved.
About TechxServe Enterprise
Innovation meets excellence in every solution we create.
Modern tech team collaboration
Since 2014, we've been pioneers in technological innovation, helping businesses thrive in the digital age with creativity and precision.
Our belief is simple: technology should empower, not complicate. Today, we're a global team serving 15+ countries with cutting-edge solutions.
Creative digital innovation workspace
To empower businesses worldwide with cutting-edge technology solutions that drive growth, innovation, and sustainable success. We create digital experiences that exceed expectations and unlock potential.
To be the global leader in transformative technology solutions, recognized for innovation, integrity, and impact. We envision a world where technology seamlessly bridges human potential and business excellence.
We push boundaries and challenge conventions to create breakthrough solutions.
Every project receives our unwavering commitment to superior results.
We build lasting relationships based on trust and transparency.
Our solutions create positive change that extends beyond business.
We never stop learning and evolving to stay ahead.
We lead with integrity and responsibility in all operations.
The principles that guide every decision, drive every innovation, and inspire every solution we create.
How we deliver premium results
Our proven methodology combines strategic planning, agile development, and continuous optimization to ensure exceptional outcomes for every project.
Strategic Discovery & Planning
What makes us different
We maintain the highest standards through rigorous testing, code reviews, and industry best practices that set us apart from the competition.
24/7 Support & Monitoring
Discover the systematic approach that drives our success and sets new industry standards.
Serving clients across continents with innovative solutions and exceptional service.
World map technology network
The creative side of TechxServe – where stories, visuals, and ideas come alive through cutting-edge digital artistry and innovation.
TechxServe Media is the creative heartbeat of our organization – a specialized division where imagination meets cutting-edge technology. We don't just create content; we craft digital experiences that resonate, inspire, and drive meaningful connections.
From cinematic storytelling to immersive brand experiences, our team of visionaries, designers, and technical artists push the boundaries of what's possible in digital media. We transform complex ideas into captivating visual narratives.
Creative media production studio
Complete visual identity for a futuristic tech startup
Dynamic motion graphics showcasing advanced animation techniques
Sleek UI/UX design for next-generation applications
Professional video content for enterprise clients
Experimental digital art and creative direction
Comprehensive brand experience and activation strategy
Discover our latest creative projects and digital innovations that push the boundaries of visual storytelling.
Ready to bring your vision to life? Our creative team is here to transform your ideas into stunning visual experiences that captivate and inspire.
Select a project type
Tell us about your vision, goals, and any specific requirements...
© 2025 TechxServe Media. The other side of creativity.
From concept to deployment, we transform your business through technology
Modern technology solutions development
Modern, responsive, high-performance websites
Premium web development with cutting-edge technologies
Scalable, secure SaaS applications
Custom SaaS platforms built for scale and success
Custom automation workflows and tools
Streamline operations with intelligent automation
Data Analytics & Visualization
Transform data into actionable insights
Make data-driven decisions with powerful analytics
Large-scale custom enterprise applications
Robust solutions for complex business requirements
Comprehensive technology solutions tailored to transform your business and drive growth.
Premium web development approach with modern technologies and best practices
Modern, responsive, high-performance websites that engage users and drive results
Businesses needing strong digital presence and user engagement
Custom SaaS product development from concept to launch
Scalable, secure SaaS applications built with modern cloud-native architecture
Startups and enterprises launching SaaS products
Business process automation to eliminate manual work and increase efficiency
Custom automation workflows and intelligent tools that streamline operations
Companies wanting to reduce manual work and operational costs
Transform raw data into actionable business insights with powerful analytics
Interactive dashboards and analytics platforms that drive decision-making
Data-driven organizations needing better insights and reporting
Better decision making
Clear data visualization
Large-scale custom applications designed for complex enterprise requirements
Robust, scalable enterprise-grade solutions with comprehensive integration
Large organizations with complex business requirements and compliance needs
Understanding your vision, requirements, and goals
Creating user-centered designs and technical architecture
Building robust solutions with cutting-edge technologies
Launching your solution with comprehensive testing
Ongoing maintenance and continuous optimization
Our proven methodology ensures exceptional results at every stage of your project.
We deliver enterprise-grade solutions with meticulous attention to detail
Your success is our priority - we focus on measurable business outcomes
What sets us apart from competitors and makes us the right choice for your business.
Cutting-edge technologies and frameworks that power exceptional solutions.
Showcase of proprietary solutions, SaaS products, and in-house automation tools built to transform businesses
Advanced business intelligence platform
Real-time data visualization
Custom dashboard creation
Multi-source data integration
Enterprise-grade data protection
Access control matrix
Audit trail tracking
Intelligent process automation
No-code workflow builder
Smart trigger systems
Seamless multi-cloud orchestration
Enterprise-ready SaaS solutions designed to scale with your business needs.
AI-powered appointment optimization
Intelligent time slot allocation
Resource conflict detection
Automated data processing workflows
Real-time data ingestion
Error handling & retry logic
SEO and performance automation
Auto keyword optimization
Image compression & resizing
Pre-built automation solutions ready to streamline your business processes.
The Future of SaaS Development: Trends to Watch in 2025
Explore the cutting-edge trends shaping SaaS development, from AI integration to microservices architecture.
Full article content would go here...
Automating Business Processes: A Complete Guide
Learn how to streamline your operations with intelligent automation solutions that reduce costs and increase efficiency.
Data Analytics: Turning Numbers into Business Insights
Discover how modern data analytics can transform your decision-making process and drive business growth.
Modern Web Development: Best Practices for 2025
Stay ahead with the latest web development technologies and methodologies that deliver exceptional user experiences.
Enterprise Solutions: Scaling Technology for Large Organizations
Understanding the challenges and solutions for implementing technology at enterprise scale.
Cloud Infrastructure: Building for the Future
How cloud-native architecture is revolutionizing software development and deployment strategies.
Tech Insights & Innovation
Discover the latest trends, best practices, and innovative solutions shaping the future of technology
Search articles, topics, and insights...
Get the latest insights delivered to your inbox
Our expert team is ready to help you implement these solutions for your business. Let's discuss your project.
TechxServe Enterprise <noreply@techxserve.com>
Cloudinary upload failed
 useInsertionEffect 
Senior Full-Stack Developer
Join our engineering team to build cutting-edge SaaS solutions using modern technologies.
5+ years of experience with React, Node.js, and cloud platforms
Strong background in system architecture and scalable solutions
Experience with DevOps practices and CI/CD pipelines
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills
Remote / San Francisco
Create exceptional user experiences for our enterprise and SaaS products.
3+ years of experience in UI/UX design
Proficiency in Figma, Adobe Creative Suite
Strong portfolio showcasing web and mobile designs
Understanding of user-centered design principles
Build and maintain scalable infrastructure for our growing platform.
3+ years of experience with AWS/Azure cloud platforms
Expertise in Docker, Kubernetes, and Infrastructure as Code
Experience with monitoring and logging solutions
Strong automation and scripting skills
TechxServe Enterprise Family
Build the future of technology with a team that values innovation, creativity, and personal growth
TechxServe team collaboration
At TechxServe Enterprise, we foster an environment where innovation thrives, creativity is celebrated, and every team member has the opportunity to make a meaningful impact.
We encourage creative thinking and cutting-edge solutions
Teamwork and knowledge sharing drive our success
Continuous learning and personal development for everyone
Flexible work arrangements that promote work-life balance
Innovation & Excellence
Integrity & Transparency
Conference & Workshop Access
Competitive Salary & Equity
Health & Dental Insurance
Join our growing team and help build the future of technology
Apply for This Position
Don't see the perfect role?
We're always looking for talented individuals to join our team. Send us your resume and let us know how you'd like to contribute to TechxServe Enterprise.
General Application (Open Role)
Frontend Developer (React / Vue)
Backend Developer (Node / Python)
Mobile Developer (iOS / Android)
DevOps / Cloud Engineer
QA / Test Automation Engineer
Data Scientist / ML Engineer
Product & Management
Scrum Master / Agile Coach
Business & Marketing
Content Writer / Copywriter
Sales Executive / BDR
HR / People Operations
Finance / Accounting
Internship / Graduate Program
Click to change or drag a new file
Drop your resume here or click to browse
Supports PDF, DOC, DOCX files up to 10MB
Tell us about yourself and why you'd be a great fit for TechxServe Enterprise...
✓ Application submitted! We'll review it and be in touch soon.
Something went wrong. Please try again or email us at info@techxserve.com
Ready to join the TechxServe Enterprise family? Let's get started!
Take the next step in your career journey with TechxServe Enterprise
Career email failed:
Ready to transform your business? We're here to help you build innovative solutions that drive growth and success.
TechxServe team ready to help
Ready to transform your vision into reality? Let's discuss how we can help.
Enter your full name
SaaS Platform Development
Branding & Visual Identity
AI / Machine Learning Integration
Data Analytics & Dashboards
Cloud Infrastructure & DevOps
Digital Marketing & SEO
IT Consulting & Strategy
Not Sure — Need Guidance
Ongoing / Long-Term Partnership
Just Exploring for Now
Tell us about your project goals, requirements, and any specific features you need...
How did you hear about us?
Google / Bing Search
Facebook / Instagram
Referral from a Friend / Colleague
Referred by an Existing Client
Conference / Event / Webinar
Press / News Article
Online Directory (Clutch, G2, etc.)
Message sent! We'll get back to you within 24 hours.
Something went wrong. Please try again or email us directly at info@techxserve.com
We'll get back to you within 24 hours
Send us a detailed message
Quick chat and instant replies
Mon–Fri, 9 AM – 6 PM EST
What's your typical project timeline?
Project timelines vary based on complexity and scope. Simple websites typically take 4-6 weeks, while complex SaaS applications can take 3-6 months. We'll provide a detailed timeline during our initial consultation.
Do you work with international clients?
Absolutely! We work with clients worldwide. Our team is distributed across multiple time zones, allowing us to provide excellent support and communication regardless of your location.
What information do you need to provide a quote?
To provide an accurate quote, we need to understand your project requirements, desired features, timeline, and any specific technical requirements. The more details you provide, the more precise our estimate will be.
Do you provide ongoing support after project completion?
Yes! We offer various support and maintenance packages to ensure your solution continues to perform optimally. This includes bug fixes, updates, security patches, and feature enhancements.
What technologies do you work with?
We work with modern technologies including React, Node.js, Python, AWS, Azure, Docker, and many more. Our tech stack is chosen based on your specific project requirements and scalability needs.
We review your inquiry and respond with initial thoughts
We schedule a call to understand your needs in detail
We provide a comprehensive project proposal and timeline
We kick off your project with our expert development team
Last updated: April 16, 2025
1. Information We Collect
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you fill out a contact form, subscribe to our newsletter, or apply for a position. This may include your name, email address, phone number, company name, and any other information you choose to provide.

We also automatically collect certain information when you visit our website, including your IP address, browser type, operating system, referring URLs, and pages viewed.
2. How We Use Your Information
TechxServe Enterprise LLC uses the information we collect to:
- Respond to your inquiries and provide customer support
- Send you updates, marketing communications, and promotional materials (you may opt out at any time)
- Process job applications
- Improve and optimize our website and services
- Comply with legal obligations
3. Information Sharing
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties. We may share your information with trusted service providers who assist us in operating our website and conducting our business, provided those parties agree to keep this information confidential.

We may also disclose your information when required by law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of TechxServe Enterprise LLC, our clients, or others.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security.
You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information we hold about you. You may also object to or restrict certain processing of your data. To exercise these rights, please contact us at info@techxserve.com.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

TechxServe Enterprise LLC
30 N Gould St Ste N
Sheridan, WY 82801
Email: info@techxserve.com
Phone: +1 (307) 293-9151
1. Acceptance of Terms
By accessing and using the TechxServe website (techxserve.com), you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our website or services.
2. Use of the Website
You agree to use this website only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of others or restrict their use of the site. You must not:
- Use the site in any way that violates applicable local, national, or international laws
- Transmit unsolicited commercial communications
- Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any part of the site or its related systems
3. Intellectual Property
All content on this website — including text, graphics, logos, images, and software — is the property of TechxServe Enterprise LLC and is protected by applicable intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works without our express written permission.
4. Services & Pricing
TechxServe Enterprise LLC reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue any service at any time without notice. Pricing for services is subject to change and will be communicated prior to entering into any service agreement.
5. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, TechxServe Enterprise LLC shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising from your use of the website or our services. Our total liability to you for any claims arising from these terms shall not exceed the amount you paid us in the three months preceding the claim.
These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Wyoming, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
We reserve the right to update these Terms of Service at any time. Changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date. Your continued use of the website following any changes constitutes your acceptance of the new terms.
For questions about these Terms of Service, please contact us at:

TechxServe Enterprise LLC
30 N Gould St Ste N
Sheridan, WY 82801
Email: info@techxserve.com
1. What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website. They help websites function properly, remember your preferences, and provide information to website owners about how visitors use the site.
2. How We Use Cookies
TechxServe Enterprise LLC uses cookies to:
- Ensure the website functions correctly (essential cookies)
- Remember your preferences and settings
- Analyze how visitors use our website to improve performance
- Deliver relevant content and understand the effectiveness of our communications
3. Types of Cookies We Use
Essential Cookies: These are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off. They are usually set in response to actions you take, such as setting your privacy preferences or filling in forms.

Analytics Cookies: These help us understand how visitors interact with our website by collecting and reporting information anonymously.

Functional Cookies: These allow the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization based on your interactions.
4. Third-Party Cookies
We may use third-party services such as analytics providers that place cookies on your device on our behalf. These third parties have their own privacy policies and we have no control over their cookies. We recommend reviewing the privacy policies of any third-party services you interact with.
You can control and delete cookies through your browser settings. Most browsers allow you to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. Please note that disabling cookies may affect the functionality of our website.

For more information on managing cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you have questions about our use of cookies, please contact us at:

TechxServe Enterprise LLC
30 N Gould St Ste N
Sheridan, WY 82801
Email: info@techxserve.com